WASHINGTON/SEATTLE, July 17 (Reuters) - A cockpit recording of dialogue between the two pilots of the Air India flight that crashed last month supports the view that the captain cut the flow of fuel to the plane's engines, said a source briefed on U.S. officials' early assessment of evidence.
The first officer was at the controls of the Boeing (BA.N), opens new tab 787 and asked the captain why he moved the fuel switches into a position that starved the engines of fuel and requested that he restore the fuel flow, the source told Reuters on condition of anonymity because the matter remains under investigation.
The Reuters Tariff Watch newsletter is your daily guide to the latest global trade and tariff news.
"When we update any part of a system, we need to make sure we’re not introducing regressions — and ideally, that we’re improving quality. One way to address this is through evaluation-driven development." - Yuki Watanabe, MLflow Maintainer
3 supports the end-to-end evaluation cycle, helping you track performance and ship AI systems to gain real value.
Squabbling over the EU-China summit next week reflects deep problems at the very core of the pair’s relationship. The issues centre around trade and security

IEEE is launching a new publication, IEEE Climate, which aims to further the organization’s mission and vision of advancing technology for the benefit of humanity. The publication is expected to focus on how technology can play a vital role in mitigating and adapting to climate change.

Researchers, engineers, practitioners, and policymakers will be able to share their knowledge, insights, and innovative solutions through original content published in the magazine.
Brussels – Seeking cooperation with China, but ready to do without Beijing if relations become impossible. The European Union views the People’s Republic as the answer to Trump’s America, in a bilateral summit that comes at a delicate and potentially strategic juncture. The Presidents of the Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, and of the European Council, Antonio Costa, will travel to Asia next week (July 24 and 25) to try to redefine relations with China in a twofold attempt to write a new trade chapter and secure leverage to respond to US tariffs.
EU-China relations, once largely shaped by pragmatic cooperation, are increasingly defined by rivalry and mistrust. The EU’s 2019 ‘Strategic Outlook’ captured this shift, describing China as a partner, competitor, and systemic rival – a formulation now echoed in national governments and public debate. Yet the term ‘systemic rival’ has contributed more to misunderstanding than to constructive dialogue. The prevailing framing of global politics as a contest between democracies and autocracies has further strained relations. Tensions peaked when the European Parliament suspended ratification of the Comprehensive Agreement on Investment (CAI), a deal that had taken seven years to negotiate and was finalised in the final days of Germany’s Council presidency in December 2020. The CAI promised meaningful concessions on market access and investment conditions for European companies. However, ratification stalled in response to EU sanctions on human rights grounds, China’s countersanctions and US opposition. Ironically, the Trump administration had signed a bilateral trade deal with China in early 2020 – without consulting the EU – to secure purchases of American goods.
Over 20 years ago, Muse headbands began as an experiment in neurofeedback: The gadget notified the wearer when an electroencephalography (EEG) signal from their brain reached a certain threshold. As the product developed, its maker, Toronto-based Interaxon, began marketing the device as a meditation tool.

Although mindfulness tech remains part of the Muse brand, the potential scope of its wearable devices has now expanded into sleep and performance. The Muse S Athena headband, announced earlier this year, is the first device from the company to also incorporate light sensors able to measure blood oxygenation; the system uses fluctuations in that data as an indicator of blood flow and brain activity. This technique, called functional near-infrared spectroscopy, or fNIRS, is considered complementary to EEG.
Beyond its role as the key ingredient in fertilizers that help feed the world’s 8 billion people, ammonia can also act as a hydrogen carrier. When produced cleanly, it could become a versatile enabler of a future green hydrogen economy, because ammonia is easier to transport and store than the hydrogen it contains. The problem is that virtually all of the world’s 200 million metric tons produced yearly are produced in large energy-intensive factories that consume about 2 percent of the world’s total energy and emit a similar share of global CO2.


